c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication8.exe
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\ConsoleApplication8.pdb
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\ejml-0.23.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.AWT.WinForms.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Beans.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Charsets.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Cldrdata.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Corba.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Core.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Jdbc.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Localedata.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Management.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Media.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Misc.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Naming.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Nashorn.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Remoting.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Security.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.SwingAWT.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Text.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Tools.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Util.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.API.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Bind.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Crypto.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Parse.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.Transform.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.WebServices.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.XML.XPath.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.Runtime.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\IKVM.Runtime.JNI.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\javax.json.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\joda-time.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\jollyday.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\stanford-corenlp-3.5.2.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\bin\Debug\xom.dll
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\obj\x86\Debug\ConsoleApplication8.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\obj\x86\Debug\ConsoleApplication8.exe
c:\users\suditi\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ConsoleApplication8\ConsoleApplication8\obj\x86\Debug\ConsoleApplication8.pdb
